# My Career Advice For Anyone Feeling Stuck In Life

**Date**: 2026-01-18
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl4Waz8TmyU

---

## Transcription

Looking back, I totally wasted my 20s. I had no one in my early 20s speaking anything positive or beneficial to me. When they say to choose your friends wisely, they're not lying. I worked in a restaurant for a few years alongside a part-time radio gig. Then I got married and I stepped up into a data entry role at LapCorp, entering data via a number pad. No, there were no letters. It was just a square number pad. And there was a stack of drug tests, and I just flipped through it and punched in the numbers for eight hours. Then I went on to working in a medical transcription department for the next 10 years. Now, the problem with this approach to life is that if you're ever faced with the unfortunate circumstances of being laid off, you will realize that you are left void of any skill set to move forward with. You don't have any particular place to go after that. If you're in a job that's not specialized and really anyone can do it and you stay there for too long and you move up the ladder, when your days are over there, you have nowhere to go. You have no specific skill set or experience to shift into something later. I didn't go to school for anything particular. I work to jobs that could be replaced easily and when they announced that they were laying off their entire department except my boss and I then I knew my days were numbered. Now in all this my wife was my biggest asset. She kept telling me hey you're fixing everyone's computers in the office you spend a lot of time on computers at home why don't you do some training in computers or programming and she said this multiple times over those years but I worked around very unambitious people eight hours a day and just thought it was impossible. Looking back she was right all along but that's another story. So in those latter years in that job, I started reading, I started studying, I learned to write code, and I got into software development. In the whole story, all of the details are found in this video, so I won't repeat that here. But be sure to go watch that if you're interested. But the turning point for me in coming to the realization that I can move forward with work in computers is largely... based on a diagram that I came across, a diagram that radically changed my mindset on what I should be doing with my life. And when I talk to anyone in a similar situation, especially people in their early 20s who have no clue what to do with their lives, what their calling is, how to make money, how to build a career that's in demand, I now point them to this resource. And I initially came across it in a blog post years ago by Michael Hyatt. And I don't think this blog post exists anymore, but the diagram does. And you may have seen this before, but I'm not sure you've really investigated all of the questions. that this diagram answers. So let me explain it to you. So there are three key items here that help you determine your calling. And all three components have to be here. If not, you'll either hate your job, you'll be broke, or you'll forever be in and out of work. One of those three. And before I explain this, I do wanna mention the launch of my weekly newsletter that kicked off last week. If you're looking for a summary of the latest programming and tech news, AI updates or insights into the latest tech job markets, or you just wanna be an informed developer, be sure to give it a subscribe. I think you'll love it. Link below. So there's three key items here. Listen closely. First, there's passion. Everyone has something they're passionate about. Computers, business, finances, building things, debating, caring for people, whatever it is. Every person has activities that fire them up. It's what excites them. It's what makes them tick. The problem, though, is that passion alone doesn't pay. If I'm passionate about collecting baseball cards, that's great, but it probably won't put me in any successful career. In addition, if you aren't passionate about something, over time you'll begin to hate what you do. Sure, it may pay good, and sure, you might be good at it, but if you hate what you do every day, what good is the job? Second is proficiency. What are you good at? As my wife kept telling me, I was good at all things computers. I was also passionate about it. But both of these are not always the case. Many people are good at things that they hate doing. When you're good at something, people always come to you, and if you hate doing it, you'll be like, ah, not again. There's an auto mechanic in my area that's really good at what he does, but he complains nonstop. Every time you go in there, it's just negativity and dread. But on the other hand, if you're passionate about something, but not at all good at it, you won't succeed either. And then finally, and it's all going to come together here, there's profitability. Is the career a profitable career? If you have that passion for collecting baseball cards, and you're proficient, and you know all the ins and outs of all the years and brands, but you can't make money doing it, then it's not a good pursuit. And this is actually called a hobby. So if you have a passion, say, serving people and helping people get well, and you're proficient at it, say you went to nursing school and you passed with flying colors, then you need to check if it's profitable. And nursing pays good because they're always in demand. Check, all three are there. But if any one of these three things are lacking, then probably it isn't a wise and good calling that fits you long-term. Sure, you may work jobs here and there over the years and that's fine. Passion can come later over the importance of a paycheck. And let me be clear, being a hard worker, a person who is productive and honest and all that goes a long way. Many of us work jobs we hate for a while to pay the bills. That's a good thing. Passion is an end goal and can come later. But you eventually want to reach this intersection where you have passion for what you do, you're good at what you do, and it's a profitable industry. It's in demand. If you have the passion for something and you're good at it, but it's not a profitable career or sector to get into, you'll be poor. If you have the passion for something and it pays good, but you suck at it, you'll be fired and poor. And if you're good at something and it pays- If you raise well, but you hate what you do every single day of your life, then you'll just be a miserable person. So where are you at today? Think about these three things. First, what are you good at? Ask people. Often it's glaringly obvious to everyone but you. So ask people and then put a list together of some things that you're good at. Second, what do you love doing? What excites you when you get to work on it? What topics excite you? Maybe it's something that you haven't done in a long time, but always have had in the back of your mind. Again, make a list of a few of these things. Finally, take these two lists and cross off the things that aren't profitable. For me, I loved computers. I was good at computers. And actually, this goes way back to high school and it took me forever to realize it. And then finally, the role of software developer is a profitable career. It pays good. So here I am in my vocational calling. Can this change? Sure. I mean, here I am talking to you on YouTube. In fact, given the leverage that the World Wide Web gives you in 2024 and beyond, there are boundless opportunities out there. Crazy, I actually had a comment recently taking offense to me saying that there are endless opportunities. People like this, they're going nowhere. And they want to see everyone else fail as well. Such is the nature of negative people. And this sort of diagram can help you in many walks of life. Let me give you two examples. First, think about college degrees. Let's say you love theater. You're good at it. And you go to college for it to then get out with a ton of debt and no market for that sort of thing. That's just a hobby. Or take graphic design or fashion design, art, photography, tourism degrees. You may love these hobbies and interests and are wise and knowledgeable about them, but there's no market. So just following this chart can save you tons of money and college debt alone. And here's a second example. This diagram actually can be altered to help you figure out many other things in life. I saw this one just the other day, same kind of chart, on how to determine what video to create. So you have what you want to create, what your viewers want, and then what others are creating. Find that middle ground there and create those videos. But back to this original diagram. Where are you at? in this chart have you found the calling that covers all three of these areas yet if so full steam ahead if not let me know down in the comments what's stopping you i always love reading them if you found this video helpful give it a thumbs up if you haven't subscribed to the channel consider doing so and i'll see you in the next video
