# How To Build A $10,000 Website In 30 Minutes (AI + No Code)

**Date**: 2026-01-18
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGEjwCUcMHo

---

## Transcription

- This website, this website, and this website were all built without writing a single line of code. But what if I told you that you could build your own $10,000 websites in just 30 minutes? And to prove it to you, I'm gonna show you exactly how you can use these three no-code and AI tools to launch your own websites from scratch. But first of all, what's a $10,000 website? What does that actually mean? Well, to answer that question, I've decided to simply ask AI. So I'm gonna go to Claude and we're gonna ask it what it thinks is included in a $10,000 website. So I'm gonna jump in here and just ask, What features would you include if I'm building a $10,000 website for a client? So it's telling me to focus on essential business driving features rather than fancy extras. It talks about performance and security. It talks about CMS and mobile responsiveness, meaning they look good on a phone as well as a tablet, as well as a browser. It's also made a much more comprehensive list that I'll be going through throughout this video. And I'm definitely going to want to include some beautiful design, potentially some animations so that this can really pop. So we have a pretty good idea of what kind of features we'll have to build, but what what kind of website are we actually gonna be building? Okay, so for this challenge I've decided I'm gonna be building a basketball manufacturing company. We're gonna call it Hoops. And the two main goals of this website are going to be to elevate the brand but also to get retailers to contact us to order large quantities of basketballs. But now before we jump in I wanna get a little bit of inspiration from websites so I can determine what the color palette is, what the overall kind of aesthetic is gonna look like And then we're gonna jump into the build. So I'm gonna jump in and find some inspiration for my website. So here I've come to Webflow, 'cause it's one of the website builders I really like. And I'm gonna go and check out some of the templates. I found something that I find pretty cool. First of all, I like dark mode, so I think I'm gonna go for something like this, with kind of like a pink, and then maybe like a blue as well. And so yeah, my website will not look like this, but this can be pretty inspiring for design purposes. Now that we found some inspiration, let's jump in and start building. Now the main tool we're gonna use to build this whole website out is called And the way I'm gonna start building this out is simply by having a very simple landing page. And then I'm gonna build out additional pages on top of that. I'm gonna start off with a simple prompt. So here, I'm simply gonna put, "Please build a simple landing page for a basketball manufacturing company. Keep the design very basic." And then what I can do here is enhance this with AI. And then I'm just gonna go ahead and click Go. Okay, so the first thing it runs into is a problem. No problem, let's fix this problem. Okay, so I don't see anything in the preview, so I'm gonna go ahead and say that. Okay, so I see a first version of what this looks like. It's not what I'm looking for. Definitely not the color palette we were talking about. I see there's some bugs too, but hey, it's a start. So this is the next thing I'm gonna do. I'm basically going to figure out what are the different things I wanna have inside of this? So first let's talk about what we actually wanna have in this homepage. Now, I think that the hero is pretty cool. Could you add a section below the hero about the technology of the balls. Now it's added that, but I do see that there is this extra little thing here, so I'm not super happy with that. Please take away this innovation in every detail overlay. So now it's taken that away and we can see that underneath it's also added a really beautiful picture of a guy dunking. The next step here is going to be to add additional sections here for the homepage, and then we're basically going to adapt it to the color palette and the kind of styling of the website that I showed you earlier. Please take the section... And notice that I'm only prompting it step by step. I don't want it to do too many things at the same time. Now we see that it's taken that section out. Next step, I'm gonna be working a little bit on this, perfect this landing page first with a couple additional prompts. And then I'll show you what I've done for the landing page in just a second and we'll be able to move on to the next step. So now we've created the structure and it's time to make this website more beautiful. And we're gonna keep the exciting stuff like animations for the end of this video, but it's time to turn this landing page into a more beautiful website because we're gonna need it. So I've done a first version here of the layout and we basically just have the hero section Then we go into the ball technology section. Then we're gonna hop into kind of a bit of the history over here. Then we're gonna jump into the actual showcasing, a couple of the ball technologies or the collection, let's call it. And then finally, we have a call to action. So this homepage is pretty much the structure of it is done. But now I wanna start adapting a little bit to the style that I want. Can you make all the sections in dark mode like the technology section? Let's see what it looks like advanced ball technology. technology. Okay, cool. This is already looking a little bit cleaner and now I don't really like this orange to be honest, I think I'm going to go for the color that we had in the other one which is kind of a purple pink actually what I like doing for this is I can just do a screenshot of this I can go to a place like image to hex color I'm just going to grab this color over here. I did that by just coming here uploading that little image grab this hex code over here. And then I'm going to go inside a bolt until it make the buttons this color okay and now it's actually changed that you can even see that it's changed the logo here also change these images so i'm starting to like this a little bit more also use it for the logo in the footer now we go to the footer and boom it has been updated now this next design trick i think you're gonna love it so you see how this nav looks pretty good i actually want it to be a bit more transparent i want it to have a more modern look and if i come back From here, I can see a pretty good example of how that's done here. So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to go ahead and screenshot this. I'm gonna upload it here and just say, "I would like my nav bar to look like this image." Now it's kind of made a gradient here as you can see, but it hasn't made it circular and floating. So let me see if I can actually adapt that. And I don't actually know how to describe this. So what I'm going to do next is I'm going to be going to Claude. I'm going to upload the image of the actual nav. describe this navigation bar as if you were a designer. So it seems like it's called floating navigation. So I'm going to basically reference floating navigation and I'm going to tell it that I want this around it container you make a navigation a floated navigation and then with within a rounded container, don't change the rest. Let's see what it comes up with. And we will find some limitations to this method but I have found that you can actually do pretty impressive stuff here. This is looking stylish. I'm really liking this. I'm actually going to ask it if it can have completely rounded edges, even more rounded and make the outline slightly thicker. I'm trying to get this first page to look kind of the way I want it to, because when I create these additional pages, it'll just respect the similar design elements and hopefully we won't have to change too much from there. Could you make the floating nav more transparent? Boom That looks pretty clean, doesn't it? When you like kind of scroll over, you can see that transparent background. That just looks very classy to me. But there are still some changes that I want to apply. And let's start with this advanced ball technology section. I want this to look so clean. I want to have a little background as well. So I'm going to ask for it to be described to me this specific grid by again grabbing a screenshot of this, bringing it into cloud and uploading it and asking for it to describe that to me. For the technology section, could you please give the background a sophisticated grid? and have a deep purple blur behind the cards. Boom, just looks so beautiful. And now what I'm gonna do here is that I'm gonna ask for it to do something kind of similar but maybe in blue for the section below. I like the fact that we're kinda similar to this color so let me go ahead and find out which color that is and then I'm gonna go ahead and add. It looks a little different than that obviously but it still looks cool. Now for this next section, it's like it's quite classy, but what I'd like to do is add a extra little touch here. So let me go ahead and see what I can use. Maybe find another kind of element that I find pretty from this specific design. So I'm gonna say something like, okay, for the section called a legacy of excellence, could you please add a blue Blur, use a similar tone of blue as found in the image. Okay, this is starting to come together, I'm liking it. However, let's change the logo. I like the logo to look a little more tech forward and be hoops. Let's see what it gives us. I didn't want it to be like that but I think this is really good. It's like hey, we're a ball making company. We have the most advanced tech for this. I love what I did here with the background So I'm going to tell it to apply the same background for the professional series. And now starting to see some inconsistencies, but we're going to polish those off in just a little second and I'm taking a good amount of time here on the design because I believe that a $10,000 website is really something that looks beautiful. So let's go ahead and focus on that for just a little bit. I'm taking a good amount of time doing this, but I know it's gonna be worth it. So here I'm asking you to have the same shape of, I wanted to make all of the buttons now circular. because it seems like that's kind of the style i'm going for i'm not actually making these fancy buttons but i'm going to start finishing off at least the initial design then we're going to move on to the next step so let's do this now this is what we were looking for the buttons now are circular now what i'm going to do is i'm going to determine the pages that i actually want to have now please for the nav add these sections blog products about us and take out the We're not actually gonna make this an e-commerce website. We're actually gonna take out the shopping element of it. It seems like I took away the card, but it didn't change anything else. Okay, could you add in the nav a section called product? Now we got them right here, products about us and blog. I think that's pretty much all I'm going to keep for the nav. I want it to stay relatively simple here. And the next step for us is going to be to actually create pages behind each one of these additional ones. And then we can come in and start perfecting, please create pages behind each navigation section using the same design as the home. Mama Mia, look at this looks great about us our story. So there's not really much of a story. Right here, but then there's the years of experience, all of that. Our leadership team can adapt any one of these things by the way for sure. And then the blog itself is going to be a collection of blog posts perfect with that beautiful design behind it as well. It's starting to really all come together. I'm super stoked. Quick reality check. Now we've created the homepage. We've created a little bit of designer on that. We've also been able to create additional pages. But one of the next important things is gonna be to create a CMS which is a content management system. And we're actually going to implement that for the blog, meaning that someone would be able to just log in, create a new blog post, and that it would automatically update on the website. So we're going to create a simple version of this, and then we're going to have an admin panel to be able to control that. And I have a beautiful cherry on top that's prepared for the end of this video, so make sure to stick around. By the way, if you have an app idea and you'd like to work with our team, we've just opened up a couple of spots for our one-on-one coaching program. that helps you not only identify exactly what you should build as a first step, then build it out leveraging no code and AI tools, and will guide you on how to get first paying customers for it too. We've now trained more than 600 entrepreneurs, founders like Heidi, who came to us with some great domain knowledge but didn't unfortunately have any technical skills and didn't know how to get started. In just eight weeks she was able to build her first app and get $25,000 a month in recurring revenue. And now she's raised more than three million dollars from Investor for her company AwareHealth and is generating over a million dollars a year. So let's get started. Don't leave it up to luck. There is some method to this madness, and if you'd like to work with us, you can apply below. Now let's get back to this video. So for the CMS, let's go over the blog section. Click on Blog over here. See that there are already articles here. If I click on each one of these articles, it should lead me to the actual page where the articles are written. In this case, I don't have that yet, so that's the next thing I'm gonna do. Please create a CMS with dynamic routing for the blog page. Now what dynamic routing means is that if you click on this specific article, it's gonna bring you to that specific article And for each one of these articles, I'm going to want it to bring it to a different page. And that's what dynamic routing really is. So it's cooking here. It's creating, it's updating the pages. Okay. So it seems like we've run into a problem here. Now, one thing I do want to mention about running into problems is that if you do have a problem, you can always go to the last version of your product. I can always roll back to this checkpoint and this is super valuable in case something breaks in your project. Let's go ahead and try to just fix this problem. So let's see what that looks like here. I'm gonna go to the blog. I'm gonna go ahead and load. learn more about one of these blogs going to pop up. So here we're going to have the name of the person who's written this and their position, we're going to have the full blog post. It seems like it's just created a very simple one with some dummy data. Also, I can ask for there to be image behind this if I want to. In this case, I think it looks kind of clean like that. So I might just ask it to have a little less space on the top. So this really seems perfect for what I'm looking for. And I think that It even added that beautiful little gradient in the background. So I think I'm good here But I'm now gonna ask it for to create an admin section where I can just add these articles I'm gonna ask it could you add an admin section where I can add blog post now? Let's check this out Okay, cool so we can add a title here a category if you want an image URL and author name and Here I can pretty much fill everything out and I can also come here and I can delete Anyone that I want and that was just with our One prompt it was able to create all of that so we finished that CMS and now the value of our website has dramatically gone Up however, we need to reach ten thousand dollars in value And one of the best ways to do that is through animation and I'm gonna start off with classy scroll animations And then we're gonna go on to the cherry on top. This might be my favorite part of it It's the animations because it makes things look so beautiful and I kept this for one of the last parts just because it's exciting to me Can you create a beautiful loading screen with a technology background? Which is the technology section and pretty animation and with the same pink purple as a button so let's see what it comes up with go ahead and make that loading screen one second longer because it was so quick that I wasn't even able to do it okay I kinda like that so now let's have some clean and basic animation on this on this home page as well. And I'm not gonna waste too much of your time here but what I'm gonna do is ask for a bunch of smaller animations and I'll show you the result in just a minute. So I finished the animations. I'm pretty happy with them. Let's check it out. Basically, I'm going to just reload as you can see here. I have a loading screen so this basically allows the website to load and then we have Them come in with a simple animation, which is kind of fun as you scroll down on this You're going to see the cards appear with a light animation So this is to keep it really classy and then I have a different animation. I also made this actually um As you can see, it's glowing, actively glowing here, which is another animation. Here we have another section that appears with light animation and this call to action I want to call attention to it so I'm making it with a nice little glow as well. I chose to keep the other sections relatively simple as well so the about section is basically pretty simple, not too much Much animation here, but here in the journey. I have the journey appear with some animation as well I really like this one then the product section very simple as well We basically have more details about the products that we already feature on the home page and if people click on the buy now Or contact us it's gonna lead them to a place where they can find our details Let's see what that looks like also very simple clean nice design if you click on them You're gonna see that it creates an outline so if All really just trying to look classy. And then if we click on the blog, this is a blog that we've created. Looks like the images are taking a little bit of time to load. But nevertheless, I also have little animations here where if you hover over one, it will basically light up a little bit. If you click on one of these, you're going to have a nice design on this too. And so as you can see, very simple, not too many animations. But this is really the next step. Okay, it looks beautiful. And now we are basically 90% there. But I have a very special last little touch to make this thing just pop. And once we've implemented that, we're going to be able to attach it to a domain, connect it and deploy it. And the name of my secret weapons, my friends is 3D animation. So for this, we're going to be using an amazing tool that allows us to either create these 3D animations from scratch or to use preexisting ones and incorporate them to our projects to make them look like a million bucks. Let's check it out. This, my friends, is Spline. And I'm going to use a 3D design that's already been created to add it to this website. And to do that, I'm gonna go to the community tab up here. I'm gonna go ahead and search. We're gonna put basketball. Ooh Look at that little animation. Where should we put this? I think we can actually put this as the background image of my hero section. So now let's go ahead and integrate that. If I come here, what you want to do, and there is a paid plan here, you wanna go here and remix. So I'm basically gonna click on remix and grab that. And here I will literally not touch anything. This has already been created. And again, there are lots that you can find in the community and also that they've created themselves. I could choose to adapt anything about this ball, about the animation itself. I can also press play to see how it actually works. As you can see here, it just bounces around. Man, this looks amazing. I can adapt the way that it bounces too. But if I'm ready to export it, I can go ahead and click on export. Then I can just grab this link here and I can go to Bolt and be like, please make this spline animation. the background of my home hero and if this works this will be the cherry on top i think that these animations can just be so powerful oh my god it actually worked i think there's a blur here in front of it please we've done it my friends let's go oh my god look at how beautiful that looks - This is what a $10,000 website looks like and feels like. And now there's nothing else to do but to actually deploy this. And to do that you can simply come to the top right and just click on Deploy. And we're going to be able to see it live on a public URL. Welcome to Hoops Technology my friends. Most cutting edge technology you have ever seen for basketball. So let's just scroll down here and see this public URL. I'll put it in the link below so you can check it out as well on your own time. I think this will probably require a couple of performance improvements here we see the animations work and that's it my friends we got it if you want to contact us to order basketballs that don't exist just come right here you can get in touch with us so just like that my friend you've built a beautiful website building an amazing website is absolutely incredible but building an actual online business that generates revenue with a website is even better and that's why I highly recommend you check out this video where for 2 hours and 19 minutes I break down every single thing that you need to know to go - Idea to first million dollars in revenue for a software business, meaning a website business or an app business. It is literally the most comprehensive video out there. If you're enjoying my content, I'll see you in the next one. Let's go.
