# How To Make Money From Coding - A Complete Guide

**Date**: 2026-01-18
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6k4_gAUL9Q

---

## Transcription

The video that you're about to watch breaks down literally everything I know about making money from coding. This is raw, unedited, unscripted, just me talking directly to the camera and sharing with you pretty much everything I've learned over the past 10 years and how I've been able to earn a full-time income from my coding skills. Now, you should know that this video is broken into four sections, which used to be individual videos in a private community that I had. Now, I'm no longer running that community, so I simply spliced the videos together and and decided to make them publics that all of you could enjoy and learn from them. Now, with that in mind, if you do actually want to put this video into practice and start making money from coding, you do have to have some coding skill. I know a lot of you already have that, but if you don't and you're looking for a roadmap to explain what you need to learn, I have a free introduction course which you can check out from the link below. Now, this is a part of my premium coding course with Course Careers, but the free introduction course is free. You just need to sign up and then you'll get access to it. and you can watch about an hour and a half of completely free content where I give you as much value as I can and break down exactly what you need to do in order to get to a junior software engineer level, which is kind of the level you need to be at when you can start really monetizing this skill. Anyways, I hope you enjoy. Let's get into the video. Hello everybody and welcome to this course where we're going to break down for you how to make money from coding. Now, what I'm going to do is explain to you the value of coding, what my journey looked like and how I started from making 20 bucks a week to now making sometimes over $20,000 per week. And then I'm going to discuss all the different methods you can potentially follow. They're in so many different categories and many of which you've probably never heard of before if you want to earn a full-time income or sometimes much more from programming. I'm then going to talk to you about going from a developer to an entrepreneur, what that looks like and the mindset shift that needs to take place. place if you want to make some serious income. And then I'm going to talk about thinking long-term and how you make this more of a career rather than something you do on the side. Okay, so let's get into it here with this first video value of programming. Well, as we know, learning how to code is one of the most valuable skills you can have. Not only does it teach you problem solving, critical thinking, and reasoning, which is something that's going to carry with you the rest of your life, but the risk to reward ratio is so low. And what I mean by that is it takes you maybe six months, 12 months to get done. decent enough at coding where you actually can provide some value to the marketplace. And then in that time, you're immediately able to start making a ton of money and the upside is completely uncapped. You could easily be making hundreds of thousands of dollars your second year being a developer. I know developers who have made 300, $400,000 in year two or year three of their career. And I know guys that sold startups after just learning how to code for two, three years, right? So the upside is just so high it's potentially uncapped. And even if you go all the way down to the low side, where maybe you land some junior entry level position at a shitty company, you're making 50, 60 K a year, which is still a lot better than you having to go to school, spend hundreds of thousands of dollars, waste four years of your life just to get into a crappy career where there's no growth. There's no upside and you don't have other potential. Now, beyond that, just the number of ways to make money is unlimited. You don't have to get a job. But in fact, a lot of the options I'm going to share with you here don't involve working a nine to five job. You can work anywhere in the world you want. economy you want, which I think is really important. And you don't have to be a US citizen, Canadian citizen, or from let's call it a more A-tier country or first world country. You can be from a developing nation and still make a ton of money. I pay guys that live in Tunisia, like $7,000 per month. I don't know what his exact salary is, but something along that range. Why do I pay him that? Because he knows how to code. I don't care that he lives in Tunisia. If I don't pay him that someone else is going to pay him that they're going to steal him from me. So it's about the value you can provide. It's not where you live. And I think that's really a great thing. This kind of eliminates all those different barriers that you might have in different industries because you can work anywhere you want, whenever you want at any time zone for as long as you want. You could do 70 hour weeks. You could do 20 hour weeks. There's just so many different ways to make money. And I figured this out quite early in my journey. I started learning how to code at 12. By the time I was 14, I was making money, not very much money, but I was tutoring people making 10, 20. 30 bucks a week. By the time I was 16, I was getting paid double what my colleagues were because I knew how to code and I was teaching that at a summer camp. By the time I was 17, I made about $30,000, $40,000 in a single year, which is crazy if you think about being in grade 12 going into first year university. When I was 18, I made over $100,000. When I was 19, I made over $250,000, which out-earned my parents at that point in time. By the time I was 20, I was making high multiple six figures. And beyond that I've made millions of dollars in a single year and in a career simply because I know how to code. Now obviously you compounded, you add skills on top of that but it all came from that foundation. Having a high value skill that allowed you to contribute something to the marketplace is what you need to start with and then you start to realize quite quickly damn I can build this up, build this up, build this up to the point where you're making just so much money. It's actually unbelievable. Now, I don't say that to brag. Genuinely, a lot of you guys know I'm a fairly humble person, but I want to get you pumped up. I want to get you motivated. I want to get you inspired. And this is more of a closed community. So I want to actually share with you kind of those hidden gems and secrets that allow you to really make some serious money to the point where you are actually financially free. You have that location independence and you can work whenever you want, which I think for many of you is the ultimate goal. So with that said, hopefully I got you excited. let's get into the next video here and let's talk about how you actually make money from coding. All right, video two, let's get right into it. I've got 14 different methods to share with you in terms of how you can make money from coding. I'm going to give you a quick explanation of each, but I'm going to try not to drag it on. And at some point in time, we will make a much more in-depth course that breaks down all of these and kind of goes through different strategies, methods, getting clients, et cetera. But for now, I just want to give you all the different methods so you can start experimenting with something today. Now I've got a sheet in front of me. So if you see me reading my monitor, I'm just going through the list. No particular order here. Let's start with number one, freelancing. Now freelancing pretty much means you're kind of on your own and you just do random side jobs. You do gig work. Maybe you're doing some hourly work for a company. Maybe you're finishing some project here, but you can work for whoever you want whenever you want for the number of hours you want. Obviously assuming that you're getting paid by the company for those number of hours. You're not an employee. You don't have benefits. You're not tied down to a set schedule. And usually it's just, you're going to do a certain number of hours or you're going to finish a specific project. I've done freelancing anywhere from $20 per hour back when I was super young and just doing like really some very side gig type work that was super simple that they probably could have done themselves all the way up to 400 us dollars per hour. I know sounds insane, but if you're really good, you can get paid to work at those kinds of rates. Typically now when I do freelancing, the rate is more like 150 to 200 us dollars per hour. And that's a fairly typical rate for a more senior developer who has kind of a broad scope of work that they could potentially be working on. Now, as a junior developer, you can easily be getting paid $50, $60, $70 per hour for freelancing. Depends what company you're working for and what you're doing, but you can make quite a bit of money. And where the real money is at is when you do project-based freelancing. So, for example, you build a website for someone and you just charge them a flat fee. And you do that based on the value you're going to be providing them, not how long it's going to take you. Right? So you can make a website for five grand and it takes you five hours. You just now got paid a thousand dollars per hour. The person doesn't care how long it took you. They just wanted their website done. Right? So freelancing, all kinds of stuff you can do there. Next tutoring. This is my personal favorite one. Like if you're just getting started out, not only is this really good for you, but it's the easiest way to start making money immediately because people always need one-on-one help. And you can find clients, quite easily because for example, let's say you're in university. You can literally go to the wall and you can post a sheet of paper that has those little tabs where they can take your phone number or they could take your email. You can say, Hey, I'm doing one-on-one tutoring for computer science or for whatever the courses that you want to tutor doesn't even have to be programming in this case. So many people need tutoring and I've done tutoring sessions anywhere from probably five or $10 an hour up to $200 per hour when you're dealing with a really rich client who really wants stuff to get done. Speaker 2 : So please don't rule this one out. Like if you're just getting started and you have a little bit of knowledge and like, you're better than some other people around you, you can absolutely teach them even the little bit that, you know, if that helps someone pass a course, if that helps someone finish an assignment or get, you know, a C plus when they would've failed, like that is still super valuable to them. And you can even get into group tutoring where you do a session with say 10 people, they each pay you 20 bucks. There you go. That's $200. So really a business model to look into. And my personal favorite One that I've made probably in lifetime, maybe $20,000, $30,000 from doing. And it's been very much on the side, not something I took super seriously. Next, tutorials. Now, obviously if you have a big social media presence like mine, you can just post tutorials and you get paid by AdSense and whatnot. But a lot of companies actually need people to make tutorials for specific frameworks, libraries, languages, whatever it may be. There's quite a few jobs that a lot of people don't know about that are actually specifically like, technical writing or it's making video tutorials for a platform. I have friends that have pretty much no social media presence, but are pretty decent teachers and they get paid something like $2,000 per tutorial video they make for other YouTube channels. So they don't have a big YouTube channel themselves. They just were able to kind of connect with this company and they now make videos that post on this company's YouTube channel and they get paid a flat US dollar rate per tutorial that they're making. Now you can also do tutorials in other mediums, right? tax-based tutorials blog articles all kinds of different avenues here and I believe even if you go the medium route we're doing like medium based tutorials you can get paid for those or at least you can get some exposure next personal brand now this one It's obviously going to be a lot more dedicated. Some of you are probably going to have to take more full time or eventually you'll want to be taking it more seriously. But even if you're a complete beginner, like starting a series, like, you know, learning to code in 100 days, right? And every single day you post a TikTok video or you do an Instagram post and kind of share what you're learning. You can very quickly build up a following. And some of the best channels when it comes to personal brands are people that are relatable, right? So in my case, it's hard for me to be like, oh yeah, you know, I'm just learning how to code and I've been doing it for 10 years. You guys can't relate to me. Like I am an expert level programmer at this point as much as I can teach you stuff. It's not that relatable type content, right? So if you're someone who's more of a beginner intermediate, you can make a personal brand related to coding related to your journey. It doesn't have to be tutorials and technical content. Like I would do, it can be more lifestyle and what it looks like learning coding in 2024 or whatever year you're watching this. completely from scratch. Something to consider a lot of opportunities here and having a personal brand will bring you so many opportunities that you've just never thought of before. You'll get job offers, you get people wanting to do brand deals, you get collaborations, you'll meet incredible people. And obviously in my situation I never like was really trying to build a personal brand but it kind of just happened. And then once I started seeing all those great benefits I took it a lot more seriously and built mine up right next we have sass this is software as a service And this is great because you can just go out there and you can build some software that people want to pay for. And there's so much shitty software out there that people pay for just because it's the only thing they know or it's what they rely on for their day-to-day. And you can see so many different companies that have software as a service, whether it's good or whether it's bad, they make so much money. And with SaaS businesses as well, if you have a lot of recurring revenue, some monthly or annual revenue, you'll end up getting a pretty large multiplier if you do decide to ever exit that business. I have a close friend of mine who ran a SaaS business, wasn't that great of a developer. Like he was really more at that intermediate stage, was nowhere near where I would be or some of the other people in this community. He built a SaaS business. I don't remember exactly what the service was, but it was something relatively simple. I think he ended up getting about 10,000 users and then he sold the company. Now he didn't make millions of dollars doing that, but he made a few hundred thousand dollars. That was great. And now he's got a cushion. He can go do whatever the hell he wants. So something to consider if you are interested in building software, think about, okay, who can I actually service here? What's going to be valuable. How can I get paid for it? And you can make a fair amount of money. And even if it fails, it's great experience and it's something that you can throw on your resume and that looks good. Next mobile apps. So many shitty mobile apps out there that people pay a lot of money for especially things like you've got fitness trackers, weight trackers, habit trackers, like anyone can make one of those types of apps. And if you're able to market it well, get a few users. You have some in-app currency or something along those lines. You can make fair, a fair amount of money from mobile applications. So again, another method. And also obviously if you like building mobile apps, something fun to do and try to get a monetization angle on that. Next we have WordPress or Shopify themes now not directly related to coding, but something that can be really, really lucrative, especially if you get one of those top themes. So go on Shopify, right? And see how many different themes there are. Obviously you can pay for them. You can also buy WordPress themes. You can buy just pre-made HTML and CSS templates. And if you get quite a few downloads, you can get some high volume. You can make a lot of money. Definitely check that out if you've never seen it because it's not that much work. You know, maybe it takes you a few days. You build this theme out. And I mean even if it sits there and it gets a few sales a month, like that's some great side income that I don't think anyone will be complaining about. Next we have technical writing. Now, writing documentation is a huge pain. No one wants to do it. I don't want to do it. A lot of you probably don't want to do it. But if you're into writing and if you're actually good at English, this can be a really valuable thing to do because you don't need to be an expert level programmer. What people are really looking for is okay, they're decent at programming like they've got the basics down, they're good enough that they understand what's going on. And they're a good writer. Those two skill sets combined really make you quite valuable and you can get full time jobs doing this or you can do it more as a freelance or a side gig. Next, we have helping small businesses. Now this kind of can tie in with any of the other things that I mentioned before, but some of my favorite projects are where you just go to a small business that doesn't have a website or they don't have any marketing or they don't have some tool that would save them like tens of hours per week and you build it for them. And the great thing is that it doesn't need to be perfect. It doesn't need to be amazing. You're not building a new website for Facebook. You're building it for like the local bakery down the street. And it's a lot more relatable. However, it does involve some sales, which could be A bit difficult for some of us, right? Now just to give you a specific example for this one actually when I did work at the summer camp, not necessarily a small business but it kind of fits in this category. I noticed that the admins that were in like the head office, they would do scheduling for all of the different groups of kids manually every single week so they would like pick them out, they would choose all the activities they're going to be doing, they would like have to cross. Boss reference they had like 20 sheets of paper out and they were literally going with like highlighters and x's And it took them like a whole day to like do the scheduling. It was insane what they were doing So I came in and I saw them doing this one day and I was like, what the heck? What are you doing? And they're like, oh we're doing all this uh, this scheduling I was like, can you okay just walk me through like how this works? They kind of told me their process I was like, okay, give me like a few hours So I went downstairs coded out some software that just did exactly what they were doing Brought it to them and said hey, like how's this is this better and they like it completely changed their life because now they had another day every single week where they didn't have to do this. There was a little bit of manual checking that was involved with the software that I had, but it saved them multiple hours per week. And you have to ask yourself like how much money would you be willing to pay for something like that? That could save employees, you know, two employees in this case, eight hours a week or something along those lines, right? So if you can build this kind of automation software, small tools, you can just help increase efficiency even a slight bit. you can get paid a fair amount to do that and you're actually providing real value. Okay, so now into some more unique ones, ones I don't think you guys may have actually considered before. And what I've got here is bug bounties. Now quite a few companies release bug bounties. Now what this means is if you find a bug or an exploit in the software and you report it to them, they'll pay you. So they'll give you a flat fee amount based on the type of bug, the severity of the bug, et cetera. Now famously Google had some bug bounties that were like a million dollars And nowadays, a lot of new companies will do this. One because they want to get some more exposure. They want people using their stuff. But obviously they want to make sure that if they're growing really quickly, you know, they don't crash and burn because they had a few exploits or bugs that completely burned the business down. I remember I was at ETH Denver. You guys, some of you may know this conference. And I was sitting beside some guy in like the cafeteria and I was asking him what he does. And he said, oh, I do bug bounties. I was like, what do you mean you do bug bounties? Like, yeah, literally all I do every single day is I just go and I like have a bug bounty. hack different websites and companies. And I get paid to do that. I'm like, like you make a living doing that. And he's like smiled and like looked at his friend and he was like, yeah, like the last one I did was $250,000 for a bug bounty. And he didn't make it sound like it was super overly complicated. I'm sure, you know, it's probably beyond what many of us have been able to do, but something to consider, like if you're into that, you do ethical hacking, bug bounties can be pretty cool and you can make a ton of money. And there's a lot of these newer companies that have some pretty lucrative bug bounties that might not be, you know, to the level of one, like Google. Now next we've got hackathons. Now, if you guys are good, if you have a team, if you want to build something out, if you like this experience, you can actually make a lot of money by competing in hackathons or in different coding competitions and winning. Now, is this going to be something you do as a full-time job? Probably not, but it's worth considering like if there's a local hackathon or this one you want to go to, first of all, a lot of times you can actually get paid to go. It's like they'll cover your flights. They'll cover all your expenses. It's a great time. You learn a lot. You meet some good people. So already the experience is great I've done a few in my life. I didn't win any of them, but I did quite enjoy them. And if you win like cash prizes could be $20,000 for the winning team or you can get some partnership with this company where you get a new computer. Like there's a bunch of cool stuff you can get from hackathons, especially from some of the bigger ones. So something worth considering. Next we have grants. There's quite a few companies that actually give out grants to people that work with their technology or that build something on it. Now this is especially big in the Web3 space right now. There's a lot of blockchain companies that have a ton of funding from venture capital firms and they need to spend it. And they also need people to use their software. So literally pay people $50,000 to build one of the top projects on this chain. Or in the case of some companies I've worked with, even if you're not a crazy experienced developer, if you go and you build something on the chain, then they'll just pay you money to do that. So you can go to them because I hear here's my idea. You're not competing with anyone. And fund your ideas that you have some time to work on this. You've got some experience they'll want to maybe do like a survey with you or something, or they want to like demo your project when it's done. But the idea is there's so much opportunity out there and there's companies that literally have grant funds that are in like the tens of millions of dollars that they're giving out to hundreds of different projects because they're trying to encourage people to use their technology. Now, lastly, I've got a great one here, which is UGC user generated content. The tech field recently has really been expanding more into this influencer marketing and specifically into the more micro influencers. So people that don't really have any following or maybe have like 5,000, 10,000 followers, like a very small amount and user generated content is kind of, I guess, a field of this where essentially what you can do is as someone with no following at all, you can make content that shows you using specific technology, programming languages, frameworks, whatever it may be. And companies will pay you for that because they'll then repurpose it as an ad or they'll use it for kind of organic media and post it on their social medias. I actually have quite a few friends that do this user generated content. Usually what it will involve is you need to set up like a bit of a profile. file for yourself. You want to, you know, refine your Instagram or refine your TikTok or whatever. And you start working with companies for free where they'll just send you some product for free that you'll kind of make like a little video about demoing you use it or just showing it kind of in organic life. Now, once you build a little bit of experience doing this and you make some good videos and the companies like them, then you start negotiating for rates, right? So it could be, okay, we're going to get $200 per video. We're going to get $500 per video. And eventually if you have any kind of social media following, you'll start to kind of do a hybrid type deal where you make the video for the company, you give them the ability to use it. And then you also post on your social media and they'll pay you for that reach and exposure. I don't want to get into this too much because I'm not an expert and we are probably going to make a full course breaking down all of these really, really in depth. But I wanted to share that idea with you because I think for quite a few people, that's quite interesting. And in the tech space is not as saturated as like general product reviews, right? So you actually can get in there and probably immediately start getting some deals. There's a lot of marketplaces opening up now for user generated content that kind of are connecting the brands with the creators, which is quite interesting. So there you go guys, that is my list of 14 different ways to make money from coding. Now I challenge you before clicking off this video, pick one of these and actually give them a solid shot. I'm not going to say it's easy. I'm not going to guarantee you're going to make money in your first day or your first hour working on this. These things are hard. And one of the reasons why they make a lot of money is because many people aren't actually going to do them. If it was easy, everybody would do it. And then we would have no leverage here using coding as a skill. But I challenge you pick one of them. No excuses. I guarantee no matter who you are, no matter where you're from, no matter your experience, you can do at least one. And again, I really challenge you to work on them. Share your experience with us in the community. If you've done any of these in the past and you have some more insight you want to share, we would love to see your posts. With that said, let's get into the next video where we're going to talk about a bit of a mindset shift you need to have if you want to make these successful. All right, so let's get into video three, which is going to tie nicely in with video two. Now in that video, I mentioned all the different ways to make money coding and notice that I didn't mention a job as one of them. Now, obviously this is a way to make money coding. I just thought it was pretty obvious. And that's kind of a cheat for me to put in there because obviously you guys know that you can go get a software developer job and you can make money doing that. What I wanted to do is start getting you thinking about ways that you can make money without having a job and how you can actually transform your life to be something a bit more unique and different than just being a nine-to-five employee. But in this video, I do want to encourage you to ask yourself what is it that you want out of this skill? So learning how to code and what is it that you want out of life? And the reason I'm asking you that is because there's two very, very different paths you can go down here. but you don't really want to be jumping between them a ton because it will really limit the amount of progress you can make in either of these directions. Now, direction one is to get a software developer job. You usually will not start out at a huge tech company. Most people don't. You'll start somewhere, probably a shitty company and you will work your way up that company and then switch different roles and switch different jobs. Now, if you get a career in software development, if you're a good developer, this is actually a pretty stable career, especially once you've built a bit of experience. You make a very good amount of money. And if you are fortunate enough to get into a large tech company or even into a startup that ends up doing really well, you can become a millionaire quite quickly and you can make a lot of money that is a much more guaranteed income source than if you were to be an entrepreneur. For example, if you work at Google, by the time you've been working at Google for four or five years, you will very reasonably be at close to $300,000 per year in total compensation. If you are able to climb that rank even higher, many people just stay there, but you could climb higher. It is not unreasonable to be making 500, 600, $700,000 per year. I know people in their mid thirties that make 800 to $900,000 per year working at a big tech company. Some of them are not even named companies. Now they aren't named companies, but a lot of them are privately traded or they're just not ones that you may have even heard of before. They just do something very, very specific and they're very good at their job. So with that said, like if your goal is just make as much money as possible, you may want to consider going down that route. And if you really grind to get into those type of companies and you really focus on your career, playing the politics, learning how the corporate culture works, you're going to be successful in that realm. And it's going to be more guaranteed. You know, by the time you're in your mid thirties, you're going to be a millionaire no matter what, if you stay on that path. Now we have the other side, right? Which is kind of doing your own thing, being an entrepreneur. Now, the advantage here is that you get all those levels of freedoms that you don't have when you work for a company. You have time freedom, you have location freedom. And for the financial freedom is the one that you need to build yourself. Whereas on the other side, you don't have time freedom and you don't location freedom typically, but financial freedom is more guaranteed. So you kind of have to pick, you know, what side do I want to be on? And what do I want to do? So actually ask yourself that question, sit down, have like a deep introspection section session, sorry, and think about it carefully because this is not for everyone. Now, if you are someone who wants to be more of an entrepreneur, you need to realize that this is a journey just like it is going down the career path. The thing is that your reward can be way higher, right? The upside is completely uncapped. You can make unlimited amount of money. There's no cap on your potential. It's really just up to you what you end up doing. And typically, if you really, really go hard at it and you know what you're doing, you're going to grow it and it's not really going to be stagnant, right? It's going to continue going up and up. Now, with that said, to do that, you have to put in probably more work than you would. trying to climb the career in like a corporate nine to five ladder. And you will be sacrificing quite a bit at the beginning to get to that point. So I think that's enough. I think you guys probably understand the advantages of entrepreneurship, disadvantages, et cetera. Now let's talk about how you make that shift, especially in development. Well, you need to immediately start thinking more like a CEO boss business person than you do like an employee or like a developer. And this is very difficult because our brains typically, if we're in this space are wired. to be thinking critically, thinking logically, problem solving, reasoning. As much as those are important in business, that's not necessarily what's going to make you a lot of money, right? You can be a good developer and still be broke or still not be very good at a lot of the skills that I listed in that previous section. So you need to immediately kind of turn off the, oh, I'm an employee hat and I work for $50 an hour or I do this or, oh, my time is worth X amount of money to how do I scale a business? How do I Leverage my time as well as possible and this is the big word leverage, right? How do I use my time as effectively as possible for some of you that is simply working for $50 an hour? But for others it's doing different types of activities and trying to buy back your time and outsource different things Now I'll give you a specific example because I know this is kind of bait. Let's say that you are good developer Okay, you can do pretty much anything you encode anything out. You're really good. You're out like an expert level now in you could simply work for everyone. And no matter what you do, you could just charge $200 an hour. Now, you know, you're going to make $200 an hour at this point. Like you are kind of an entrepreneur because you're doing freelance stuff. But at the end of the day, you're really just working as an employee and like your amount of income is limited by the amount of hours that you can work. Now, if you were to, instead of just charging by hour charge per project, and based on the value you provide, you can completely substantially change the amount of money you're going to make. It You could go work for like a little mom and pop shops. Or when I say go work, I mean do a project for them. You could maybe make them a website. And the value you're going to provide them is you're going to give them some exposure. And let's say you can maybe generate them 10 new clients a month. Maybe each client that comes into the bakery or whatever store it is pays $30, $40, $50 as an average purchase. You've generated, let's say approximately $400 in value in one month. The reason is because well, that's how much value they got from what you built. They didn't pay you because you were good at building a website They paid you because you could get them clients, right? And they would have paid someone else the same, if not more, if they could have got them more clients, if it came from something other than the website. So in this case, you're not framing your skill set in the light of, oh, I'm good at making websites. I mean, yes, that's what you're going to do for them. But you're saying, I'm going to get you clients. The way I will do that is because I have this skill set that's in development. Now that's a pretty low leverage or pretty low value use of your time because you're working for very minimal value that you can generate. Now let's say we move it up a little bit and you now go and you work for a big company. Let's say you're doing freelancing for Microsoft, and what you're going to do is you're going to build this automation tool that's going to save 1,000 hours a month because all these employees will now no longer need to do this task that's really repetitive and that can be automated. I know this is an extreme example but just bear with me to get to the point here. So now in this instance, you've saved 1,000 hours of developer time per month. How much is developer time worth? Let's say on the low side it's worth $1,000. You can do that multiplication. Now you've generated a hundred thousand dollars in value or whatever that amount ends up being, right? What's changed is not what you're capable of doing. You're a developer. You can write code. You could have just written code for either of these companies at $200 per hour. Instead, what you've done now is you've changed who you're working for and the amount of value you can potentially provide. And the amount of value you can provide was not really based on the skill that you're doing. It's based on the person that you're working for. and the client that you have. So this is just one example of how you shift from the employee mindset to the business mindset. You start looking for the places where you can inject the most amount of value, and you then extract a portion of that value, right? So if I were to generate $100,000 in value for a client, I'm not taking $100,000. Maybe I take 30 or $40,000, some percentage of it because that's reasonable. Now, I'll give you an example in my case making YouTube videos, right? I could easily make a YouTube video, and I can promote some like... Stupid thing like a fidget spinner, right? Like you guys would probably buy it. Some of you will buy that right some of you will enjoy It but the thing is the amount of value I'm providing by promoting that is pretty low because it's a low-cost item Even if hunters have you buy it, it's still only gonna generate like a few grand right not that much in sales Whereas if I were to promote a really high ticket item, that is something that's much more more in the niche that makes a lot more sense, I'm going to be able to get much more money or get paid a lot more money to do that because it's just more reasonable, right? It makes more sense. It can generate more money for the client. So rather than me pricing, say a brand deal, which is something I do all the time based on, okay, I always just charge $4,000 because I get this amount of views. The price for my brand deal depends completely on the company that's working with me with that brand deal. If it's a company where I can't generate that much value, I can't charge that much. If it's a company where I can generate a ton of value, then the price goes up. Now, again, like I know this is kind of basic stuff, but what I'm trying to get you to think about is that you need to use your time and position yourself in areas where you can generate the most amount of money. And that doesn't really rely on what your skill set is. It's really who you're serving and what you can do for other people. Right? So that means picking the best clients, finding the best opportunities, building the best partnerships. And you can do this in many different ways that I want to get into much more in depth in another course. But you need to completely shift the way your brain works from like, I'm worth this much per hour to where can I go? What can I do where I can generate as much value as possible and then take some of that value back? That's really the key. And that's what I've learned over the past 10 years, starting by doing what many of you probably do, just charging per hour or charging a flat fee or doing something like that. So saying no, Like I need to find the areas where I am actually leveraging my time the best and where my time equates to the most amount of money. And again, a lot of the times it's not really your skillset. It's who you're working for the clients and what you're able to do for them. So that's just one small example. So that's the key point of what you need to do early on is you need to discover and find where you are most valuable, right? I'm not saying this is easy. I'm not saying you know this day one, and you do that by trying a lot of different things, experimenting, messing around, trying this, trying that failing in different avenues, tutoring, realizing, okay, it's not really worth my time to tutor. Instead, I'm going to do this. Oh, this actually, I feel like I'm getting paid a good amount. Okay. Let me try something like this, right? You keep moving around and adjusting until you tap into where you are actually the most valuable. And what's going to tell you that is when people start paying you money to do those things, which also means you have to be comfortable asking for money that you've never received before setting some crazy high price that you don't think anyone will actually pay. Like you mess around and find your value in the marketplace by experimenting and seeing what people will pay. Just bluntly with you guys, if I do a brand deal or something along those lines, I will just throw random numbers to companies that maybe I don't care that much about working with to try to figure out where I lay in the marketplace. Because if company A is willing to pay me $25,000, then company B, they're probably going to be close in that range. And I never would have known that if I was too scared to ask for that figure in the first place and potentially be rejected or potentially fail on that deal. Now, once you found that and you're like, okay, this is my thing. Like, this is what I'm good at. This is where I can actually make a lot of money. You need to understand how do I do more of that thing, right? So it's optimizing your time. So now maybe you're hiring an employee. Maybe you're getting a virtual assistant. In my case, I have editors. I have agents. I have people that work like for my YouTube channel, which is the main thing that I run. And why do I do that? Because my time is better spent making the videos than it is negotiating with brands or it is editing videos or other things along those lines. So you start to to really optimize the systems and figure out, how do I do more of the thing that I'm getting the most amount of value from? And why can't I do 10X, 20X, 30X, 40X, that thing. Once you figure that out, you can build the volume and you can start to actually scale. Now at the same time, you also then have to ask yourself, where's the balance here? Do I wanna keep doing this? Do I even wanna scale? And the nice thing with an entrepreneur is that you have control and you can just make 100, 200K a year if you get to that point side, don't really need much more than that. I'm happy just doing this, hanging out, work in 20 hours per week. And that's the greatest benefit of going down this path. Now there's a lot more I could talk about here. And I realized this is a little bit of a rant video wasn't super structured, but I wanted to just kind of eject in you the different ways you think about things, right? A lot of people think about a skill as simply a salary they can make per year or an amount of money they can make per hour. It's the wrong way to think about things when you go into that entrepreneurial route. Again, I keep repeating it. You just have to figure out what value do you provide and where can you provide the most? You can then tap into that and take it out. Two people can have the exact same skill set and provide vastly different amounts of value based on the type of tasks they're actually completing with that skill set. And that's what you need to think about. So that's going to wrap up video three. Let's move on to video four. So let's get into video four. We talk a bit more strategically here with thinking long term. Now, this is many different meetings, but generally speaking, I want to make sure that any of the activities I'm sharing with you here or even just your ability to make money with coding doesn't die in a few years. And then this is something you can do sustainably over a longer period of time because again, what's the point if we only can do this for two, three, four years? Yes, you can make some quick money, but for me, it's going to be a lot more time than I would have needed. For me, I'm always about building the skills, building the business, building the ability to generate wealth and not just doing it over a very short period of time. And then dying out and having to find something else. This should be something that's sustainable. It should be something long-term at least that's the way that I look at it. You may look at it differently, but I'm going to share with you here my perspective. Now, when I say thinking long-term, first of all, that means before we jump into trying to earn as much money as possible, we want to build that foundational skill of coding. Anyone who's going to make a lot of money with this has to first be decent at development. You don't need to be an expert, but you need to be confident in your abilities. I think confidence is the key word there. This is something that exudes pretty much everyone that you talk to and it's something that really affects you internally whether you realize it or not. You've probably had this where you walked into a job interview applying for a position where you're not qualified. Even though you might be able to fake it a little bit, generally people can tell when you're confident in what you're doing and not. And even the way you speak, the way you answer questions, what you think about things internally yourself subconsciously are affected by the fact that you know that you're not actually qualified for that role. The same goes in reverse. You go into an interview, you know, you're overqualified, you know, you're going to kill this job. You know that this is like exactly what you're meant to do. You're going to really exude that confidence is going to be very obvious to everyone in the room and you yourself are going to speak in a different way, carry yourself in a different way because you actually know that you can do the thing. And even if no one else knows that just you knowing it yourself. really makes a huge difference. And I found that personally myself quite a bit when I started programming, when I started posting YouTube videos, I wasn't that confident. I didn't have the accomplishments or the achievements to actually say, Hey, like I'm a great developer. And it took me a fair amount of time to build that up to the point where I could speak more confidently, right? I could come across like I actually know what I'm talking about because I did and I was confident in myself. So please first build that skill and it's going to help you in pretty much every area of life. and business. So let's say we've done that. We have the confidence. What's next? Well, there's three main things I want to talk about in this video, and that's being a professional reputation and reliability. And we'll talk about a few other small things as well. Now, let's start with being a professional. No matter what area of business you're in, no matter what you do, you want to be as professional as you possibly can. Now, what that means is even simple things like using proper punctuation and grammar, having an email signature, answering on time, being flexible. fast to reply, showing up on time and being reliable. I mean, these things all kind of tie in with each other. Everyone wants to work with someone who's professional, right? Being a professional just shows that you actually know what you're doing. You've done this before and that you can actually deliver on whatever it is that you're promising. Now I'll give you some specific examples here because this is really applicable, especially in the YouTube space, which is where I obviously make a lot of money. Now on YouTube, you have, let's just be blunt here. A lot of kids, right? And you have a lot of people who are like vloggers or entertainers, or they don't actually have any real skillset. They just like have a bunch of followers and they do silly goofy stuff online. Now with a few exceptions, many of these people do not know what it's like to run a business. They don't know what it's like to be professional. They don't know what it's like to even work in any kind of corporate world. They're in a place where like you have to maybe put a dress shirt on, or you have to speak in a certain way, or there's manners or formalities or whatever. And you guys can say what you want about that. But the truth is there's so many people, especially in this content space that are like a nightmare to work with, right? For example, maybe you'll sign a deal with them and they just don't respond to you, right? They won't reply to you. They won't show up for a call. Maybe it takes them three weeks to cancel on you. Maybe they don't deliver. Maybe they're late. It may be even on the brand side, maybe you pay really late or you don't hold up the deal with the creator or whatever ends up happening, right? There's just so many examples of unprofessionalism. When that happens, obviously that ruins your reputation and it makes you undesirable to work with even if you're able to contribute a lot of value. So you want to no matter what you do Be a professional in that space. And I guarantee you, it's going to help you in so many ways that you won't even realize. And you're just going to be someone who's desirable to work with. I get a lot of repeat deals. I get a lot of repeat customers and clients. And one of the main comments I get is that my operation is tight. Things are organized. We're controlled. We reply to people. I'm easy to work with. I answer really quickly. I'm diligent. I make sure that if there's any mistakes or issues, they get resolved immediately. That's what it's like being a professional and you to be that in whatever field you are. So just really keep that in mind. Now, obviously being a professional is going to help with your reputation, right? You want to be someone who's known. So when I say reputation, that means maybe you do things right now that don't make you any money, but the build you a really, really good reputation that could be even in outside of the scope of coding. Maybe you do some volunteer work or maybe you're really into this specific cause you help out with this thing. Maybe you post completely free videos online. like I did for many, many years, building your credibility and building your reputation. And then eventually later on starting to monetize that and starting to cash out on that reputation that you've built. There's a lot of things you can do. that in the short term don't seem like they're really doing anything for you. But what you are building again is that professionalism, that reputation and the fact that you're reliable. And if you can build your presence, especially online things like social media, even medium posts, maybe you're a contributor to an open source project that's going to help you in more ways than you can imagine. It's really difficult to actually put a dollar figure or a value on those contributions. So that's what I'm kind of talking about in this video. There's a lot of strategic things you can do that early on don't immediately give you that reward that long-term are really going to help you and build who you are as a person, right? Build your brand, build your company, whatever it ends up being. Now obviously being reliable, I think this one is pretty simple. You need to be someone that other people can count on, they can rely on. They have to know that if they give you a task, there's no question, there's no reason why you would ever not complete that. And this is a compliment I used to get all the time even when I was younger. that people could just give me something and they just knew it was going to get done. They knew it would be handled, you don't have to worry about it. I'm sure many of you have been in situations maybe like a group project where you just know that the teammates are not reliable. Like you can tell them to do something, you can check in with them every single day, you can do whatever you want and you're almost certain it's just not gonna get done or that you have to take it into your own hands because you can't rely on the fact that it's gonna be finished. No one wants an unreliable partner, no one wants an unreliable wife, no one wants an unreliable client to work with So you need to be reliable and you need to get stuff done. Even if that means sacrificing, right? Because that builds your reputation. So that's kind of what I'm talking about in this video. And those are a few ideas to make you think a little bit more long-term. You don't want to just take quick money, do things fast. You don't want to scam people. You don't want to do things poorly. Sometimes it might take you five hours longer than you thought to complete this project. You could just submit it and get paid right now, but instead you're going to put in that extra work build that reputation. So this guy knows, Hey, he's willing to put in the extra mile. I'm going to come back. I'm going to refer him. I'm going to use him again. So just kind of a general video here and really actually targeted towards a lot of you that are a bit younger or maybe just getting started. Even if you're only 15, 16, 17 years old, be a professional, use proper grammar, be on time, be reliable. This is going to really set you apart, especially at a young age. And there's people that are 30, 40 years old. It'll be taking notes from you. If you really take this advice and actually adhere to it. Anyways, guys, I'm going to wrap that up here and that's actually going to finish this course. I know this was short. I know it's not necessarily a step-by-step guide. There is just so many opportunities. There's so many ways to make money. And as I said, my goal for you is to get the wheels spinning, get you thinking about different things and share with you a few perspectives of mine and some experiences so you can start thinking, okay, what is my strategy going to be? How do I actually want to make money? Do I want to just go work a job? Do I want to do freelancing? Do I want to try these different avenues? And hopefully after this course, you guys are going to go and try at least one of those things that I mentioned. And you're going to share with us in the community how that went for you, whether you failed or whether you succeeded. I would love to hear that. We will be making a more in-depth course on this sometime in the future. We'll let you know when that comes out. For now, thank you for watching and see you in the community.
