# How I Code Profitable Apps SOLO (Idea + Build + Marketing Guide)

**Date**: 2026-01-18
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7u6b52RaQSc

---

## Transcription

If you want to work for yourself, If you want to work for yourself, you want to build a passive income or just earn more money on the side, you want to build a passive income or just earn more money on the side, or you want to become a digital nomad like I am, or you want to become a digital nomad like I am, then building your own app is a great way to achieve all of these goals. then building your own app is a great way to achieve all of these goals. Because you can work for yourself, Because you can work for yourself, you can have a lot of freedom in your life, you can have a lot of freedom in your life, you can work from anywhere, you can work from anywhere and it's never been easier than right now to build your own SaaS app, and it's never been easier than right now to build your own SaaS app, whatever. whatever. And in this video, And in this video, I'm going to give you a rundown of how to do it from idea to getting your app. I'm going to give you a rundown of how to do it from idea to getting your app done. in front of people and if you clicked on this video you clearly want to do it. in front of people and if you clicked on this video you clearly want to do it. So this is a complete playbook for you, So this is a complete playbook for you, it barely costs any money to start as well so no excuses let's get to it. it barely cost any money to start as well so no excuses let's get to it. We're going to go from how to come up with a good idea all the way through to real customers testing and using your product out there in the world. We're gonna go from how to come up with a good idea all the way through to real customers testing and using your product out there in the world. And this year I created a mobile app From Scratch which is about to be used by the UK government and over the last five years I have And this year I created a mobile app from scratch which is about to be used by the UK government And over the last five years, I have built a lot of different apps. built a lot of different apps. So I've built finance, So I've built finance, AI, AI, SaaS and now it's time to brunch out and make my own after building apps for other people. SaaS. And now it's time to brunch out and make my own after building apps for other people. And I taught myself to code at 30 so I know what it's like to feel overwhelmed by the technical side of making an app. And I taught myself to code at 30. So I know what it's like to feel overwhelmed by the technical side of making an app. But if you take it step by step and follow this playbook I'm going to give you, But if you take it step by step and follow this playbook I'm going to give you, you will get there. you will get there. You just got to become a problem solver basically. You just got to become a problem solver basically and I'll teach you how. And I'll teach you how. But if there's one thing I've learned is that building it is just the first step. But if there's one thing I've learned is that building it is just the first step. Things have changed now, Things have changed now. it's a lot easier to build so a lot of your focus should be on distribution i.e how to get eyeballs on your product and before I worked in tech I actually worked in marketing for a few years so learn all about this and it's still crazy to say this but I built up a social media following of about half a million people and this is one of the best things you can do to get distribution for your product. It's a lot easier to build so a lot of your focus should be on distribution, i.e. how to get eyeballs on your product. And before I worked in tech, I actually worked in marketing for a few years. So learn all about this and it's still crazy to say this, but I built up a social media following of about half a million people. And this is one of the best things you can do to get distribution for your product. I'm going to make another video on that. I'm going to make another video on that so subscribe if you want to see it. So subscribe if you want to see it. So the reason I'm saying this is that along the way So the reason I'm saying this is that along the way I've learned how to build an app from scratch, I've to build an app from scratch, but also how to market it. but also how to market it. To get in the hands of real users, to get in the hands of real users, not just your weird uncle or grandmother. not just your weird uncle or your grandmother. So the whole goal of my page is to teach you guys these skills. So the whole goal of my page is to teach you guys these skills. All I ask is that if you do get value, All I ask is that if you do get value, just like the video, just like the video. it's free for you, It's free for you and it would help me out massively. and help me out massively. And I'm gonna be building myself. And I'm going to be building myself so let's go on this journey together, So let's go on this journey together, travel the world doing it, travel the world doing it, have fun, have fun and build cool stuff. and build cool stuff. And it doesn't have to be a million dollar app. And it doesn't have to be a million dollar app. You can literally just copy something that's already on the market and it could pay your rent. You can literally just copy something that's already on the market and it could pay your rent. Okay, Okay we're two minutes in, we're two minutes in. Let's get to the first technical question. let's get to the first technical question. Do you need to learn to code? Do you need to learn to code? Different people on YouTube will tell you different things. Different people on YouTube will tell you different things. This is my take. This is my take. I think you should, I think you should, but the definition of "learn to code" but the definition of learn to code has changed a lot with AI. has changed a lot with AI. It's basically a lot easier nowadays. It's basically a lot easier nowadays. Also, Also, you don't need to go as deep as a software engineer, you don't need to go as deep as a software engineer, which is what I am, which is what I am, would do. would do. i.e. I.e. You don't have to know data structures and algorithms, you don't have to know data structures and algorithms, which is what I teach on this channel. which is what I teach on this channel. Now if you enjoy it, Now if you enjoy it, go deeper, go deeper, alright? alright? But if you just want to build an app But if you just want to build an app Just learn the fundamentals. Just learn the fundamentals. Then you learn as you go. Then you learn as you go. So this is called project-based learning. This is called project-based learning. It is the best way to learn where you are presented with problems, It is the best way to learn where you are presented with problems, real world problems for your app, real world problems for your app and you learn coding by solving these problems. and you learn coding by solving these problems. And the reason I recommend it is that knowing some fundamentals, The reason I recommend it is that knowing some fundamentals, you can speak the language of code to an AI coding assistant. you can speak the language of code to an AI coding assistant. For example, For example, with frontend, with front end, it's just really helpful to know some HTML, it's just really helpful to know some HTML, CSS when you get in these horrendous errors that you're definitely going to get. CSS when you get in these horrendous errors that you're definitely going to get. And also if you are serious about this then learning how to code I'd say is a good idea. And also, if you are serious about this, then learning how to code, I'd say, is a good idea. In a perfect world, In a perfect world You'll learn clean code, you'll learn clean code, but this is not a perfect world. but this is not perfect world You want to build an app so learn what you need to and learn by doing but let's rewind Let's go to step one the idea or a good way to look at it is a problem You're trying to solve now If you've got literally no idea here a good thing to do is focus on real world problems that you have So maybe write down a list of You want to build an app, so learn what you need to and learn by doing. But let's rewind and let's go to step one, the idea. Or a good way to look at it is a problem you're trying to solve. Now, if you've got literally no idea here, a good thing to do is focus on real-world problems that you have. So maybe write down a list of 5 to 10 problems in your life that can be solved by technology. 5 to 10 problems in your life that can be solved by technology. Because if you're having this issue, Because if you're having this issue, I bet you other people are and they're willing to pay for a service that solves that problem. I bet you other people are and they're willing to pay for a service that solves that problem. Or if you can't find any problems in your own life, Or if you can't find any problems in your own life just copy a product or a service that's already on the market and there is already a demand for. just copy a product or a service that's already on the market and there is already a demand for. So don't feel guilty about having to come up with your own idea. So don't feel guilty about having to come up with your own idea. A great example of this is Amazon. A great example of this is Amazon. Amazon aren't massively innovative but they copy other products but they do it so well that they become the market leader in that area. Amazon aren't massively innovative but they copy other products but they do it so well that they become the market leader in that area. This is great if you're starting totally from scratch. This is great if you're starting totally from scratch. So don't feel bad about copying, So don't feel bad about copying. maybe give it different marketing, Maybe give it different marketing, give it your own personality and just add different features to give your own twist to it. give it your own personality and just add different features to give your own twist to it. So yeah, So yeah, don't feel you have to be so creative. don't feel you have to be so creative. If there is a product out there, If there is a product out there, clearly there is a demand for that product. clearly there is a demand for that product. So take advantage of it. So take advantage of it. Now at this stage there is a hack and I've worked with some indie developers who do this because you think at this point you'd be like "Okay, Now at this stage, there is a hack and I've worked with some indie developers who do this because you think at this point you'd be like "Okay, I need to build the app, I need to build the app right?" right?" Not necessarily. Not necessarily. What some people do is they build a landing page What some people do is they build a landing page They market the product, They market the product, they see if there's a demand, they see if there's a demand, they've not even built it yet and if there is a demand they'll build it or they might even pitch it to investors. they've not even built it yet. And if there is a demand, they'll build it or they might even pitch it to investors. So you can try that if you want. So you can try that if you want. All right let's fast forward and pretend that you have an idea at this stage. All right, let's fast forward and pretend that you have an idea at this stage. Now the question a lot of people ask at this stage is what tech stack should you use? Now the question a lot of people ask at this stage is what tech stack should you use? This is not as important This is not as important. As you think, as you think, but the most important thing is I said earlier to do project based learning. but the most important thing as I said earlier is to do project-based learning. So learning by doing projects or with us, So learning by doing projects or with us, we're building this app. we're building this app so we're learning that way. So we're learning that way. The reason I'm suggesting this is because a lot of people end up in tutorial hell where you just watch other people code and you don't actually learn anything, The reason I'm suggesting this is because a lot of people end up in tutorial hell where you just watch other people code and you don't actually learn anything, but you feel like you're learning. but you feel like you're learning. The tech stack is dependent on what you want to build, The tech stack is dependent on what you want to build right? right? And a quick Google search will help you. And a quick Google search will help you, But always pick the most popular tech stack you can. but always pick the most popular tech stack you can. Why? Why? Because these AI coding assistants have been trained on years and years of code. Because these AI coding assistants have been trained on years and years of code. So these coding assistants will perform better on popular languages. So these coding assistants will perform better on popular languages and also there's just so much more documentation online if you come into an error, And also, there's just so much more documentation online. If you come into an error, if it's a popular language, if it's a popular language for example JavaScript. for example, JavaScript. If I was you, If I was you I would focus on full stack JavaScript. I would focus on full stack JavaScript. The most simple tech stack I recommend you learn is the Myrn stacks. The most simple tech stack I recommend you learn is the mern stacks that's MongoDB Express React and Node There's a ton of documentation out there loads of apps have been made on it and you only need to learn one language and that's JavaScript. That's MongoDB Express. React and Node. There's a ton of documentation out there, loads of apps have been made on it, and you only need to learn one language and that's JavaScript. If you're looking for a roadmap, If you're looking for a roadmap roadmap.sh is good or look on Reddit for what you need to learn. roadmap.sh is good or look on Reddit for what you need to learn. Or just learn it in this order: Or just learn it in this order: HTML, HTML, CSS, CSS, JavaScript, JavaScript, React, React, Next, Next, Node, Node, Express, Express then MongoDB. then MongoDB. And if you want a place to learn it for free, And if you want a place to learn it for free I use the Odin Project. I use the Odin Project. It is amazing. It is amazing, It's a full stack JavaScript course and it's all about project based learning. it's a full stack JavaScript course and it's all about project-based learning so this will get you there. So this will get you there and it's completely free. And it's completely free, But if you're looking for something that goes a bit deeper and that's paid, But if you're looking for something that goes a bit deeper and is paid, I recommend Xero to Mastery. I recommend Xero to Mastery. I'll link the course in the description. I'll link the course in the description. Now coding isn't as difficult as people give it credit for. Now coding isn't as difficult as people give it credit for. I learned to code in my I learned to code in my 30s. 30s. I'd say don't go too deep, I'd say don't go too deep. Learn the basics and learn to solve problems when you need to solve them. learn the basics and learn to solve problems when you need to solve them. For example, For example, you don't need to know everything about authentication, you don't need to know everything about authentication. just learn it as you need to implement it into your app. Just learn it as you need to implement it into your app. What about if you want to build mobile apps too? What about if you want to build mobile apps too? It's really easy, It's really easy, just follow the text like I've given you but you add on something called React Native. just follow the text like I've given you but you add on something called React Native. If you know React this is really easy and you use something called Expo which will allow you to build iOS and Android apps with the same tech stack. If you know React this is really easy and you use something called Expo which will allow you to build iOS and Android apps with the same tech stack. Now we want to get this app out as soon as possible. Now we want to get this app out as soon as possible and how you do that in 2025 is to use AI to write most of the code. And how you do that in 2025 is to use AI to write most of the code. Now there is an overwhelming amount of AI coding assistants out there right now. Now there is an overwhelming amount of AI coding assistance out there right now. So which one should you use? So which one should you use? Well, Well the truth is a lot of them the truth is a lot of them are the same. are the same. They use the same models under the hood. They use the same models under the hood. So it's whatever user experience you like, So it's whatever user experience you like, but also how much it costs. but also how much it costs. I like Cursor, I like cursor, Cloud Code and Warp. cloud code and warp. I use all of these. I use all of these. If you're starting off, If you're starting off, I just use Cursor because it's quite cheap. I just use cursor because it's quite cheap. $20 a month will get you started. $20 a month will get you started. Some people obsess over which is better, Some people obsess. over which is better, cloud or cursor. Cloud or Cursor. It's not that deep. It's not that deep. Just pick one and stick with it. Just pick one and stick with it. And if you don't like that one, And if you don't like that one, just switch to the other one. just switch to the other one. It's not that big a deal. It's not that big a deal. Now, Now the next video I'm going to release is going to be all about specific Cloud Code and Cursor hacks. the next video I'm going to release is going to be all about specific cloud code and cursor hacks. So yeah, So yeah, subscribe for that. subscribe for that. But this is my number one bit of advice when you're using these tools to build your app. But this is my number one bit of advice when you're using these tools to build your app. Because you'll be coding less, Because you'll be coding less, the trade-off is that you've got to plan more nowadays. the trade off is that you've got to plan more nowadays. Cloud Code and Cursor both have like a version of plan mode. Cloud code and cursor both have like a version of plan mode and cloud has something called ultra think and you should get the AI to And Cloud has something called UltraThink. And you should get the AI to make the plan and let it plan out the steps for you based on the features that you want. make the plan and let it plan out the steps for you based on the features that you want. And you'll have this like back and forth where it finds out what you want. And you'll have this like... back and forth where it finds out what you want. Just trust me on this because it'll be smoother, Just trust me on this because it will be smoother, there will be less surprises and because you're writing in plan mode it forces the model to break things down into steps. there'll be less surprises and because you're writing in plan mode it forces the model to break things down into steps. And this is what I do. This is what I do so I use the plan mode but I also plan out the app before. So I use the plan mode but I also plan out the app before. I use a note-taking app called Notability which you can use on your tablet or on your phone. I use a note taking app called Notability which you can use on your tablet or on your phone. It's free and the reason I use it is I found it's better than the notes on my iPhone because they give you these visual templates which are good for visualizing the features you want in your app. It's free and the reason I use it is I found it's better than the notes on my iPhone because they give you these visual templates which are good for visualizing the features you want in your app. So if I'm just like out and about and I have a good idea for a feature, I'll just put it in this app. put it in this app. And what about vibe coding tools where you don't actually see the code? And what about vibe coding tools where you don't actually see the code, For example, for example, like lovable, like Lovable, you're just prompting it to build something. you just prompt and it builds something. I mean, I mean listen, listen, if you can build what you need to build with them, if you can build what you need to build with them then clearly use them. then clearly use them. But for most projects, But for most projects, for most apps, for most apps, you're going to need to tweak it. you're going to need to tweak it, you're gonna have to customize it. You're going to have to customize it. so you'll reach a limitation with these kind of platforms. So you'll reach a limitation with these kinds of platforms. The crucial part is UX, The crucial part is UX. All right. all right? And this is just what the app looks like. And this is just what the app looks like. So is it beautiful to look at? So is it beautiful to look at and is it intuitive to use? And is it intuitive to use? If it's the best app in the world, If it's the best app in the world but it looks like , but it looks like No one's going to use it. no one's gonna use it. A good rule of thumb, A good rule of thumb unless you're trained in UX is just to use a template or just copy existing apps out there. unless you're trained in UX, is just to use a template or just copy existing apps out there. If you design it yourself, If you design it yourself, there is a danger it could look like garbage. there is a danger it could look like garbage, No offense. no offense. At this point, At this point, you want to build the most simple version of your product, you wanna build the most simple version of your product, or as it's called, or as it's called, the minimal viable product. the minimal viable product. Now, Now this is close to my heart because working in tech I found that this is probably the number one mistake people make when they're making a new app. this is close to my heart because working in tech, I found that this is probably the number one mistake people make when they're making a new app. Instead of just making a basic version of the app, Instead of just making a basic version of the app, They get a bit carried away. they get a bit carried away, They add in loads of new features. they add in loads of new features, This obviously delays it, this obviously delays it but then they release it and they realize that these users don't actually care about those features. but then they release it and they realize that these users don't actually care about those features. And sometimes the feedback takes a product in a totally different direction. Sometimes the feedback takes a product in a totally different direction. It's way better to do this. It's way better to do this. Release a simple working version of your app, release a simple working version of your app, then get it out there in the world and take feedback from real users and change it, then get it out there in the world and take feedback from real users. Then change it, tweak it, tweak it, whatever based on that feedback. whatever, based on that feedback. Okay, Okay, big fast forward. big fast forward. We've actually made the app now. We've actually made the app now. What the hell do we do next? What the hell do we do next? A good question now is what pricing model do you want? A good question now is what pricing model do you want? A few options, A few options. you can either do a subscription service every month or every year or a one-off fee. You can either do a subscription service every month or every year or a one-off fee. Either way, Either way, you should offer a you should offer a Free trial. free trial. If you're taking payments on your app, If you're taking payments on your app, I just use Stripe. I just use Stripe. It's the most documented one out there. It's the most documented one out there. Most trusted. Most trusted. Use that. Use that. Next, Next, you actually want to ship the app and get it out there in the world. you actually want to ship the app and get it out there in the world. There are a few options to do this. There are a few options to do this. For web apps, For web apps, I recommend Vercel. I recommend Vercel. There's also Netlify. There's also Netlify. Vercel - none of them are perfect. Vercel, none of them are perfect. Vercel is a bit expensive but it'll do the job and most people use it. Vercel is a bit expensive but it'll do the job and most people use it. For mobile apps, For mobile apps, you just use Expo. you just use Expo. Really easy to use. Really easy to use. It's just one command and it builds it and it will ship it to the Google Play Store and also the App Store. It's just one command and it builds it and it will ship it to the Google Play Store and also the App Store. Next, Next, you're having such a fun time building it and you're like, you're having such a fun time building it and you're like, "Actually, actually coding is quite fun. coding is quite fun. Now we have to enter the hell of marketing it." Now we have to enter the hell of marketing it. I jest, I jest. Okay, okay? some people actually enjoy marketing, Some people actually enjoy marketing but I think it's the most crucial part if your app is going to be successful or not. but I think it's the most crucial part if your app is going to be successful or not. And I highly recommend that you build in public. And I highly recommend that you build in public. I'm gonna explain what that means and how to do it because building an app seems quite glamorous I'm gonna explain what that means and how to do it because building an app seems quite glamorous. but it's actually quite lonely and can be really frustrating. but it's actually quite lonely and can be really frustrating. And there's loads of upsides to building in public. And there's loads of upsides to building in public. Number one, Number one, you're creating a distribution funnel. you're creating a distribution funnel. You're getting feedback on your product just to see if it's a product fit. You're getting feedback on your product just to see if it's a product fit. You've seen potential issues. You've seen potential issues. You get potential users. You're getting potential users. It's more fun. It's more fun. You'll make friends and also improve your communication skills. You'll make friends and also improve your communication skills. So don't worry about people stealing your ideas. So don't worry about people stealing your ideas. I'm going to be doing it on this channel. I'm going to be doing it on this channel. I'm going to be building public and showing you guys. I'm going to be building in public and showing you guys. So yeah, So yeah, subscribe for that. subscribe for that. Just my opinion, Just my opinion, but I think X is the easiest platform to start with. but I think X is the easiest platform to start with if you're building in public. if you're building in public. But also experiment, But also experiment, try video content like Instagram and YouTube. try video content like Instagram and YouTube. And what I'd do is I'd be building the app, And what I'd do is I'd be building the app but also dedicating around 20 to 30% but also dedicating around 20% to 30% of my time into making content around building in public. of my time into making content around building in public. But that's just a personal preference. But that's just a personal preference. Then once you launch it, And once you launch it get it on sites like Product Hunt. get on sites like Product Hunt. Reddit's probably the easiest one to do because you can just write a post and just say "hey guys I built this product, Reddit's probably the easiest one to do because you can just write a post and just say, "Hey guys, I've built this product. this is the story behind it and I'll This is the story behind it." and ask people to test it for you. ask people to test it for you. And Sam Altman said that if you stick around tech long enough, And Sam Altman said that if you stick around tech long enough, you become a salesperson. you become a salesperson. And this is all about what you're doing now. And this is all about what you're doing now. You're trying to sell the product, You're trying to sell the product, sell you as a person, sell you as a person, but sell the story. but sell the story. Try and get really clear on what you're trying to communicate in your brand. Try and get really clear on what you're trying to communicate in your brand. Who's your perfect customer? Who's your perfect customer? What kind of tone do you want to use? What kind of tone do you want to use? Ask yourself these questions. Ask yourself these questions. And if you like this video, And if you like this video... I've got some good news for you because I'm going to be making a lot more content like this. I've got some good news for you because I'm going to be making a lot more content like this. Now, Now, I've not done anything like this before, I've not done anything like this before, but I'm going to be building a brand new app right in front of your very eyes in public. but I'm going to be building a brand new app right in front of your very eyes in public so it'll be on youtube obviously here subscribe if you want to see the first episode it'll be on instagram and also my newsletter for more technical written stuff there'll be a link in the description to the newsletter but yeah i think it's gonna be fun either way i will see you in the next one hope you got value out this video happy So it'll be on YouTube, obviously here. Subscribe if you want to see the first episode. It'll be on Instagram and also my newsletter for more technical written stuff. There'll be a link in the description to the newsletter. But yeah, I think it's going to be fun either way. I will see you in the next one. Hope you got value out of this video. Happy coding. coding ciao Ciao.
